[TT-8222] Update documentation for master (#3924)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/x-tyk-gateway.md

Server contains the configurations related to the server.

**Field: `middleware` ([Middleware](#middleware))**
Middleware contains the configurations related to the Tyk middleware.

# Info

Info contains the main metadata for the API definition.

**Field: `id` (`string`)**
ID is the unique identifier of the API within Tyk.

Tyk classic API definition: `api_id`.

> **Field: `dbId` (`model.ObjectID`)**

Reviewer: Fixed to be `string` (several other examples of the same kind).

**Field: `postPlugin` ([PostPlugin](#postplugin))**
PostPlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that is run immediately prior to proxying the request to the upstream.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.post`.

**Field: `responsePlugin` ([ResponsePlugin](#responseplugin))**
ResponsePlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that generates a response.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.response`.

**Field: `cache` ([Cache](#cache))**
Cache contains the configurations related to caching.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options`.

**Field: `transformRequestHeaders` ([TransformHeaders](#transformheaders))**
TransformRequestHeaders contains the configurations related to API level request header transformation.

Tyk classic API definition: `global_headers`/`global_headers_remove`.

**Field: `transformResponseHeaders` ([TransformHeaders](#transformheaders))**
TransformResponseHeaders contains the configurations related to API level response header transformation.

Tyk classic API definition: `global_response_headers`/`global_response_headers_remove`.

### **Operations**

> Operations holds Operation definitions.

Reviewer: @jeffy-mathew fixed the docgen for the operations type, operationId issue noted in https://tyktech.atlassian.net/browse/TT-11034

ExampleName is the default example name among multiple path response examples documented in OAS.

### **JWT**

JWT holds the configuration for the JWT middleware.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `source` (`string`)**

**Field: `signingMethod` (`string`)**

**Field: `identityBaseField` (`string`)**

**Field: `skipKid` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `policyFieldName` (`string`)**

**Field: `clientBaseField` (`string`)**

**Field: `scopes` ([Scopes](#scopes))**

**Field: `defaultPolicies` (`[]string`)**

**Field: `issuedAtValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**

**Field: `notBeforeValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**

**Field: `expiresAtValidationSkew` (`uint64`)**

**Field: `idpClientIdMappingDisabled` (`boolean`)**
IDPClientIDMappingDisabled prevents Tyk from automatically detecting the use of certain IDPs based on standard claims
that they include in the JWT: `client_id`, `cid`, `clientId`. Setting this flag to `true` disables the mapping and avoids
accidentally misidentifying the use of one of these IDPs if one of their standard values is configured in your JWT.

### **MockResponse**

MockResponse configures the mock responses.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

> Enabled enables the mock response middleware.

Reviewer 2: Default?

**Field: `code` (`int`)**
Code is the HTTP response code that will be returned.

**Field: `body` (`string`)**
Body is the HTTP response body that will be returned.

**Field: `headers` ([[]Header](#header))**
Headers are the HTTP response headers that will be returned.

**Field: `fromOASExamples` ([FromOASExamples](#fromoasexamples))**
FromOASExamples is the configuration to extract a mock response from OAS documentation.

### **Notifications**

Notifications holds configuration for updates to keys.

**Field: `sharedSecret` (`string`)**
SharedSecret is the shared secret used in the notification request.

**Field: `onKeyChangeUrl` (`string`)**
OnKeyChangeURL is the URL a request will be triggered against.

### **OAS**

> OAS holds the upstream OAS definition as well as adds functionality like custom JSON marshalling.

Reviewer 2: Noted OAS is a known issue and to skip. Suggesting description as follows

```suggestion
OAS configures the upstream OAS definition and adds functionality like custom JSON marshalling type defined as ``, see []() definition.
```

Type defined as ``, see []() definition.

### **OAuth**

OAuth configures the OAuth middleware.

> **Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

Reviewer 2: description to add and what is default value

> **Field: `allowedAuthorizeTypes` (`[]osin.AuthorizeRequestType`)**

Reviewer 2: description to add and should combined array links be added

> **Field: `refreshToken` (`boolean`)**

Reviewer 2: description to add and default value mention

> **Field: `authLoginRedirect` (`string`)**

Reviewer 2: description to add

> **Field: `notifications` ([Notifications](#notifications))**

Reviewer 2: description to add

> ### **Operation**

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this relates to Operations section that should be skipped for now. Just in case I have reviewed this section

> Operation holds a request operation configuration, allowances, tranformations, caching, timeouts and validation.

Reviewer 2: Are the fields for allowances, timeouts and validation described in this sentence included here for Operation?

TransformResponseBody allows you to transform response body.
When both `path` and `body` are provided, body would take precedence.

**Field: `transformRequestHeaders` ([TransformHeaders](#transformheaders))**

> TransformRequestHeaders allows you to transform request headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TransformRequestHeaders allows you to configure transforming request headers.
```

**Field: `transformResponseHeaders` ([TransformHeaders](#transformheaders))**

> TransformResponseHeaders allows you to transform response headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TransformRequestHeaders allows you to configure transforming response headers.
```

**Field: `virtualEndpoint` ([VirtualEndpoint](#virtualendpoint))**
VirtualEndpoint contains virtual endpoint configuration.

**Field: `postPlugins` ([EndpointPostPlugins](#endpointpostplugins))**
PostPlugins contains endpoint level post plugins configuration.

> ### **Path**

Reviewer 2: Noted after discussing in slack thread, skipping Path. Descriptions need adding for fields

Path holds plugin configurations for HTTP method verbs.

**Field: `DELETE` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `GET` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `HEAD` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `OPTIONS` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `PATCH` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `POST` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `PUT` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `TRACE` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

**Field: `CONNECT` ([Plugins](#plugins))**

### **Paths**

> 

Reviewer 2: Noted in slack discussion to skip Paths section

Paths is a mapping of API endpoints to Path plugin configurations.

Type defined as `map[string]interface{}`, see [map[string]interface{}](map[string]interface{}) definition.

### **Plugins**

> Plugins configures common settings for each plugin, allowances, transforms, caching and timeouts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Plugins configures common settings for each plugin. This includes: allowances, transforms, caching and timeouts.
```

**Field: `allow` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Allow request by allowance.

**Field: `block` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Block request by allowance.

**Field: `ignoreAuthentication` ([Allowance](#allowance))**
Ignore authentication on request by allowance.

**Field: `transformRequestMethod` ([TransformRequestMethod](#transformrequestmethod))**
TransformRequestMethod allows you to transform the method of a request.

**Field: `cache` ([CachePlugin](#cacheplugin))**
Cache allows you to cache the server side response.

**Field: `enforcedTimeout` ([EnforceTimeout](#enforcetimeout))**
EnforceTimeout allows you to configure a request timeout.

> ### **SecurityScheme**

Reviewer 2: Noted in slack thread discussion to skip SecurityScheme section for now

SecurityScheme defines an Importer interface for security schemes.

Type defined as ``, see []() definition.

> ### **Signature**

Reviewer 2: Description needed for the fields in this section

Signature holds the configuration for signature validation.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `algorithm` (`string`)**

**Field: `header` (`string`)**

**Field: `query` ([AuthSource](#authsource))**

**Field: `secret` (`string`)**

**Field: `allowedClockSkew` (`int64`)**

**Field: `errorCode` (`int`)**

**Field: `errorMessage` (`string`)**

### **Token**

> Token holds the values related to authentication tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Token allows configuration related to authentication tokens.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

> Enabled enables the token based authentication mode.

Reviewer 2: does it have a default value?

> Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["authToken"].use_standard_auth`.

Reviewer 2: is this the correct config param name? could it be renamed to _auth_configs["authToken"].enable_ if not yet released?

Reviewer: Out of scope, this is released/preexisting (most of the docs are).

**Field: `enableClientCertificate` (`boolean`)**

> EnableClientCertificate allows to create dynamic keys based on certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EnableClientCertificate allows dynamic keys to be created from certificates.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["authToken"].use_certificate`.

**Field: `signatureValidation` ([Signature](#signature))**

> Signature holds the configuration for verifying the signature of the token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signature allows configuration for how to verify the signature of the token.
```

**Field: `body` (`string`)**
Body base64 encoded representation of the template.

### **TransformRequestMethod**

TransformRequestMethod holds configuration for rewriting request methods.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**

> Enabled enables Method Transform for the given path and method.

Reviewer 2: default value?

**Field: `toMethod` (`string`)**
ToMethod is the http method value to which the method of an incoming request will be transformed.

> ### **TykExtensionConfigParams**

Reviewer 2: descriptions to add for the fields in this section

> TykExtensionConfigParams holds the essential configuration required for the Tyk Extension schema.

Reviewer 2: maybe add an explanation of ehat the Tyk extension schema is and link to existing content if present

> **Field: `UpstreamURL` (`string`)**

Reviewer 2: description to add

**Field: `ListenPath` (`string`)**

**Field: `CustomDomain` (`string`)**

**Field: `ApiID` (`string`)**

**Field: `Authentication` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `AllowList` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `ValidateRequest` (`boolean`)**

**Field: `MockResponse` (`boolean`)**

### **ValidateRequest**

ValidateRequest holds configuration required for validating requests.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled is a boolean flag, if set to `true`, it enables request validation.

**Field: `errorResponseCode` (`int`)**
ErrorResponseCode is the error code emitted when the request fails validation.
If unset or zero, the response will returned with http status 422 Unprocessable Entity.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ErrorResponseCode is the error code emitted when the request fails validation.
If unset or zero, a response will be returned with HTTP status 422 Unprocessable Entity.
```

**Field: `requireSession` (`boolean`)**
RequireSession if enabled passes session to virtual endpoint.

> ### **EndpointPostPlugin**

Reviewer 2: Should this be removed?

Reviewer: not removed, it's moved.
